manifest: sdk-zephyr: [nrf fromlist] gpio: nrf: implement gpiohspadctrl for nrf54l (#30387)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_guide_3.5.rst

     * If your application relies on the previous default values, set these Kconfig options to their earlier values.

   * Fast port control for the nRF54L series:

>      * The slew rate of the GPIO pins on P2 in the E0 and E1 drive mode is now configured in the devicetree and defaults to the highest value (3) if not explicitly set, compared to 0 previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * The slew rate of the GPIO pins on **P2** in the E0 and E1 drive modes is now configured in the devicetree.
  If not explicitly set, the slew rate defaults to the highest value (``3``), compared with ``0`` previously.
```
